Add details for tarball install (#20450)
trinodb/trino: docs/src/main/sphinx/installation/deployment.md

tarball contains a single top-level directory, `trino-server-|trino_version|`,
which we call the *installation* directory.

Trino needs a *data* directory for storing logs, etc. By default, an

> installation from the tarball uses the same directory as installation and data
> directory.

Reviewer: is this less ambiguous?

```suggestion
installation from the tarball uses the same location for the installation and data
directories.
```

Author: Yes.. pulled it in.
